{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red16\green60\blue192;\red33\green33\blue33;}
\paperw16840\paperh11900\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15140\viewh16360\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs22 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
FAQ\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 \
Basics \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 What is nudj? 
\b0 \
\
Nudj is a peer-to-peer recruitment app. You can introduce your friends to awesome jobs or get hired\'a0in just a few clicks. \
\

\b How does nudj work?\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \
The employer posts a job and sets a referral bonus. Users can nudj (forward) the job to friends or apply themselves. If a candidate is hired the referral bonus is paid to the person who made the successful introduction.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \ul Employers \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Is it free to post a job? 
\b0 \
\
Yes, you can post jobs for free. \
\

\b When do I pay the referral bonus?\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \
You only pay the referral bonus if you successfully hire via the app. You need to notify nudj at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:hello@nudj.co"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 hello@nudj.co}} within 5 days of making a successful hire. We will send you an invoice on the candidate\'92s start date.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Do I have to post a referral bonus?\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \
No, but bonuses are a great way to incentivise your friends and colleagues to introduce talented people. If, however money isn\'92t an option then get creative with your rewards.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Who can see my jobs?\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf3 Only the people you ask directly for referrals, your contacts that have the app and any candidates who have been sent a nudj.
\b \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Referrers and Candidates \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
Where do the jobs come from?\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf3 The \'91Who\'92s Hiring\'92 feed is populated by the contacts in your phonebook.
\b \cf0 \ul \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 What happens if I tap \'91nudj\'92?
\b0 \
\
A \'91nudj\'92 is the action of forwarding a job description. You select a contact from your phonebook, write them a quick message and it will send the job to them via SMS. They can then opt-in to apply for the job. \
\

\b What happens if I click \'91interested\'92?
\b0 \
\
By clicking \'91interested\'92 you are telling the hirer you want to find out more about the job. Before notifying the hirer you will be asked to complete a profile. This gets sent to the hirer who will launch a chat within the app if they want to take things further.\
\

\b If I\'92m not interested does the hirer know?\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \
You are anonymous to the hirer until you tap \'91interested.\'92\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Can I forward the job on again if I\'92m not interested?\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \ulnone You can forward the job on multiple times. The referral bonus would go to the final link in the chain that introduces the hired candidate.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 What is the referral bonus on the job description?\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \
This is the incentive a hirer sets when they post the job to encourage users to nudj the position onto their friends. If you introduced the successful candidate you are entitled to the referral bonus. \
\
We will invoice the client and collect payment on your behalf. Get in touch at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:hello@nudj.co"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 hello@nudj.co}} if you think you are entitled to a referral bonus. \
\
}